♪ [music] ♪
Now that we have a bunch of different
stores that have, some have location data,
some of them don't, we have a bit of dirty
data where, really,
they should all have location data. If you
open up your MongoDB Compass application,
you'll see that the locations, some of
them don't have data, and some of them do
have data. So ideally, what we're going to
do right now is just delete everything and
start some fresh. Once we get into doing
users and stores, I'm going to have some
dummy data that you can automatically
load and delete everything.
But for now, what we need to do is go to
our documents and hover over or click on
the Trash icon. Confirm the deletion.
Click on Trash. Confirm the delete.
Click on Trash. Confirm the delete. Then,
go back here and give it a refresh.
Ah. Sometimes they don't delete. Maybe
that's a bug in this thing,
so refresh. Every now and then, I guess
only one of them deletes.
There we go. Refresh. Refresh. You should
see none showing up.
Now, let's add some new ones real quick.
So we'll say, "Brew Bar," "Good Beers,"
and feel free to skip through this just as
I add a couple here.
So I'm going to say, "brewery." Let's look
for a Brew Bar somewhere in Australia,
family-friendly, licensed. Give it a save.
Good. Let's add a couple more.
"Coffee Shop," "Great Coffee." Good. So I
just went ahead and created three.
Now, if I go back to here and refresh,
you'll see we all have three.
Go back and scroll down until you see
"Location," and it's actually going to
show you on the map where the dots are.
Now, if you don't see this,
I found that initially I didn't see this,
and I had to quit the app and restart it.
I guess it does a check only when it first
starts the app, not when you add new data
to the schema. So just quit it and start
it again if you do not see it,
and then they'll show you dots on the map
of where everything is.
Why? Because we've stored our data as
actual points, and this application here
is smart enough to say, "Oh, that's
actually map data. Let me show it on a
map," similar to how it shows you when
you've created all this data and what not.
The last thing that we want to do is,
let's try and update one of our coffee
shops. So there's one of them, which is
Brew Bar. That's in Australia.
I love Australia, but let's put it back in
Canada somewhere. So let's put that just
in Hamilton, Ontario. Give it an Enter and
save. Now, if we go back to our documents
and refresh, you'll see that this Brew
Bar, the location, it doesn't have a type
of point anymore. So you see this one,
which has never been edited,
Great Coffee, has an address, a
coordinates array, and a type of point.
But when you update it, it doesn't have a
type of point. So again,
that's another thing here where when you
do find an update, the defaults do not
kick in. So what we need to do is go to
our Store Controller and find where we do
Update Store. Right before we actually
send the "req.body", we're just going to
set the location data to be a point. So
I'll say, "req.body.location..." Let's
look at our store, I forget what the path
is, ".location.type.def." That ".type" is
going to be "point." So "location.type" is
equal to 'Point.' Give it a save. If you
do not have that point, it will not know
how to properly search for ones that are
close to us in an upcoming video. So
absolutely make sure that we have that.
Now, again, let's update that again. We'll
just click Save, go back to our MongoDB
Compass, and refresh this. Now, our Brew
Bar should have a location type of point,
there we go, being set. Back to our
schema, you see that all of our values are
here. See how it still says it's in
Australia? I guess, you just click Apply.
Oh, there we go. Click Apply, and now it
will say that they're all in Hamilton,
because I put all three of those in.
Great. See you in the next one.
♪ [music] ♪